## FT-Wallet User Agreement

Dear users:

Thank you for choosing FT-Wallet. The FT-Wallet Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") is entered into by FT Wallet Team (hereinafter referred to as "we, our or us") and users (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "users"). After you click for confirmation, this Agreement will constitute a legally binding contract between you and us.

In particular, we would like to remind you that before using FT wallet (hereinafter referred to as "wallet" or "the software"), you should carefully read the Agreement and the related agreements mentioned later, especially the "Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability" and other clauses stipulated in this agreement as embodied in bold, which you should ensure that you fully understand the clauses in this agreement and consider risks independently to decide whether to use FT wallet services.

# I. Confirmation and Acceptance of this Agreement
* 1.You understand that this Agreement and related agreements are applicable to decentralized applications (referred to as "DApp") independently developed and owned by us on the fractal public chain (but unless otherwise specified, DApp developed by a third party is not applicable to this Agreement and related agreements).

* 2.When you download FT wallet software, click to confirm this Agreement, create or import wallet, you will be deemed to have fully read and accepted all the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement will take effect immediately upon your click to confirm this Agreement and will be binding on both parties.

* 3.This Agreement can be updated by us from time to time. Once the revised agreement is published on FT wallet, it will take effect automatically without further notice. If you do not accept the revised terms after we announce the terms of the revised agreement, please stop using FT wallet immediately. Your continued use of FT wallet will be deemed to accept the revised agreement.

* 4.If you are under 18 years old, or have no or limited civil capacity, please use FT wallet under the guidance of your parents or guardians.

# II. Definitions
* 1.FT wallet: refers to the blockchain wallet developed by our system, including other auxiliary tools developed to facilitate users to use the blockchain system.

* 2.Users:
* (1) Users must be natural persons with full capacity for civil conduct;
* (2) If you are under 18 years old to use FT wallet service, you need to use it under the guidance of your parents or guardians. The FT wallet has the right to require you and your parents or guardians to be held responsible for all consequences arising from the use of FT wallet by a person without civil capacity or the conduct of transactions beyond the scope of the civil rights or capacity of a person who has only limited civil capacity.

* 3.Create or import wallet: refers to the process that you use FT wallet to confirm the fulfillment of this Agreement and create or import wallet.

* 4.Wallet password: refers to the password that the software interface prompts you to fill in during the process of creating FT wallet, which is used to encrypt and protect the private key. As a decentralized application, the wallet password is not stored on your mobile device or our server. So, if you lose it, you need to reset a new password with your private key or mnemonic words.

* 5.Information Prompt: refers to information prompt contents involved in FT wallet software operation interface, Users are suggested to follow relevant steps.

* 6.Specific users: refers to users who must cooperate with us to fulfill the obligation of personal information disclosure according to laws, regulations and policies of relevant jurisdictions.

* 7.Private key: consists of 256 random characters and is the core for users to own and use digital tokens.

* 8.Public key: generated by one-way derivation of private key based on cryptography principle and used to generate blockchain digital wallet address, which is the public collection address.

* 9.Mnemonic words: conforms to the BIP39 industry standard of blockchain and consists of 12 (or 15/18/21/24) ordered words generated by random algorithm. It is an easy-to-remember expression of private key, which is convenient for users to back up and keep.

* 10.Digital token: refers to the types of digital tokens supported on the Fractal public chain, including but not limited to FToken, FToken Lockup Asset, etc.

* 11.Materials: refers to all the articles in various parts of FT wallet, which are all owned by us and cannot be reproduced without our explicit authorization.

* 12.Personal information: refers to various information that can be recorded in electronic or other forms to identify the user's personal identity independently or through combination with other information, including but not limited to a natural person’s name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, telephone number, bank card number, email address, wallet address, mobile device information, operation record, transaction record, etc., but does not include the user's wallet password, private key and mnemonic words.

# III. Services
* 1.Create or import wallets. For digital tokens supported by FT wallet, you can use FT wallet to create new wallets or import compatible wallets generated by other wallet tools on related blockchain systems.

* 2.Transfer and collection. You can use FT wallet transfer and collection functions to manage digital tokens, i.e. use private key for electronic signature and modification of the relevant blockchain ledger. Transfer refers to that the payer conducts the transfer operation with the blockchain address of the payee, and the actual transfer and collection actions all take place in relevant Fractal public chain system (instead of FT wallet).

* 3.Managing digital assets. You can use FT wallet to add, keep and remove digital tokens supported by FT wallet (excluding FToken).

* 4.Transaction records. We will copy all or part of your transaction records through the blockchain system. However, the transaction records shall be subject to the records of the blockchain system.

* 5.Suspension of service. With the "irrevocable" attribute of transactions in blockchain system, we cannot suspend or cancel transfer operations for you, but under certain circumstances, we can suspend or restrict a user's operations on FT wallet software.

* 6.Other services that we provide from time to time and deem necessary.

Users should understand the following common problems when accepting the above services provided by us:

* 1.Adhering to the decentralized characteristics of the blockchain, we provide decentralized services in order to protect the security of users' digital tokens, which are greatly different from those provided by traditional banking financial institutions. Users must understand that we do not provide the following services:
* (1) Storing users’ wallet password (that is, the password set when the user creates/imports the wallet), the private key, and mnemonic words;
* (2) Retrieve user's wallet password, private key, mnemonic words and Keystore;
* (3) Freeze wallets;
* (4) Report the loss of wallet;
* (5) Recover wallet;
* (6) Transaction rollback.

* 2.As we cannot provide the above services, users should properly keep mobile devices with FT wallets, backup FT wallets, backup wallet passwords, mnemonic words and private keys. If a user loses the mobile device, deletes and does not back up the FT wallet, deletes and does not back up the wallet, the wallet is stolen, or the wallet password, the private key and the mnemonic words are forgotten, we cannot restore the wallet or retrieve the wallet password, the private key and the mnemonic words. We are also unable to cancel any transactions that have occurred effectively, such as those transactions that occurred due to user's misoperation (e.g. incorrect transfer address).

* 3.The digital token management service that we and the fractal public chain can provide does not include all digital tokens in other blockchains. Please do not operate any unsupported digital tokens through FT wallet.

* 4.FT wallet is only a user's tool for digital token management, not an exchange or trading platform. Although this Agreement will refer to the word "transaction" many times, it refers to the transfer and collection operations carried out by users using FT wallets, which is essentially different from "transaction" carried out on exchanges or trading platforms.

* 5.DApp integrated on FT wallet includes DApp developed or owned by us and DApp provided by third-party platforms. For DApp provided by a third-party platforms, FT wallet only provides a blockchain browser for users to enter DApp. User shall judge and evaluate whether the services or transactions provided by the third party DApp are risky or not before accepting them. FT wallet has not made any evaluation and endorsement on the safety and risk of the third party DApp, and will not assume any responsibility for any loss caused by the use of the third party DApp.

### IV, User’s rights and obligations
(i) Creating or importing wallets

* 1.Create or import wallets: You have the right to create and/or import wallets on your mobile device through FT wallets, set wallet passwords and other information, and use your wallets to conduct transactions such as transfer and collection on the blockchain through FT wallet App.

* 2.Identity verification: According to relevant laws, regulations and policies, when using relevant services provided by FT wallet, the user shall complete relevant identity verification in time according to the prompt of FT wallet, which requires you to submit personal information including but not limited to your name, ID number, mobile phone number, bank card number information, etc. Otherwise, the user will not be able to use the relevant services, and the losses caused by the delay in submitting relevant information by the user will be borne by the user.

* 3.We may develop different versions for different terminal devices, and you should download the appropriate version for installation according to actual needs. If you obtain this software or an installation program with the same name as this software from a third party without legal authorization, we will not be able to guarantee the normal use of this software and its safety, thus the losses caused will be borne by you.

* 4.After the new version of the software is released, the old version may not be available. We do not guarantee the security, continued availability and corresponding customer service of the old version. Please check and download the latest version.

 (ii) Use

* 1.Users should properly keep mobile devices, wallet passwords, private keys, mnemonic words and other information. We are not responsible for keeping the above information for users. All risks, responsibilities, losses and expenses arising from your loss of mobile devices, active or passive leakage, forgetting of wallet passwords, private keys, and mnemonic words or being attacked or defrauded by others shall be borne by you.

* 2.Follow the information prompts. You understand and agree to follow the information prompt from FT wallet and operate according to the information prompt. Otherwise, all risks, responsibilities, losses and expenses arising therefrom shall be borne by you.

* 3.You know and understand that FT Wallet has no obligation to perform due diligence on linked third-party DApp services or transactions. You should make rational investment decisions and bear corresponding investment risks by yourself.

* 4.Actively complete ID verification. When FT wallet reasonably believes that your transaction behavior or situation is abnormal, or that your identity information is doubtful, or when FT wallet believes that your identity document or other necessary documents should be checked, please actively cooperate with FT wallet to check your valid identity document or other necessary documents and complete relevant identity verification in time. Otherwise, FT wallet has the right to suspend the service.

* 5.Transfer.

* (1) You know that the daily limits on the amount and times of transfers in FT wallet service, the amount and times may vary depending on the country/region where you used the transfer service, regulatory requirements, transfer purpose, FT wallet risk control, identity verification and other reasons.

* (2) You understand that the blockchain operation is "irrevocable". When you use FT wallet transfer function, you shall bear the consequences caused by your mistakes (including but not limited to the wrong transfer address and your own choice of transfer server).

* (3) You know that when using FT wallet service, the following situations may lead to transfer "transaction failure" or "package timeout":
a) Insufficient wallet balance;
b) Insufficient gas fees;
c) The failure of blockchain to execute the contract code;
d) The exceeding of the payment limit stipulated by the regulatory authority, FT wallet or laws and regulations;
e) Network, equipment and other technical failures;
f) The abandoned transaction due to congestion and failure of the blockchain network;
g) Your address or counterparty address identified as a special address, such as high-risk address, exchange address, ICO address, Token address, etc.
* (4) You know that FT wallet only provides you with a transfer tool. After you use FT wallet to complete the transfer, we will complete all the obligations of the service. We will not assume any obligations or responsibilities for other disputes.

* 6.Legal compliance. You know that when operating FT wallet or conduct transaction with DApp on FT wallet, you should follow all relevant laws, regulations and national policies applicable to you and the Exchange.

* 7.Announcement notice. FT Wallet will send notifications to you in the form of website announcement, e-mail, SMS, telephone calls, message center information, pop-up prompt or client notification, for example, to inform you of the progress of the transaction or prompt you to carry out relevant operations. Please pay close attention to it.

* 8.Service Fees and Tax Obligations:

* (1) FT wallet will not charge you any service fee or handling fee for the time being, and rules will be separately agreed or published when certain services need to be charged in the future;
* (2) When you use FT wallet to transfer, you should pay the gas fees, and the amount is depended on you. Gas fees are collected by the relevant blockchain system;
* (3) You know that under certain circumstances, when your transfer operation is not completed due to unstable environment and network status, the relevant blockchain system will also charge gas fees;
* (4) You shall pay all the applicable taxes and other expenses occurred due to your transactions on FT wallet.

### V. Risk Prompt
* 1.You understand and know that due to the imperfection of laws, regulations and policies in the field of digital tokens, digital tokens in this field may have major risks such as dishonour, unstable technology, regulatory restrictions, etc. Moreover, the price fluctuation of digital tokens is much higher than that of other financial assets. We caution that you should rationally hold or dispose of any digital token according to your financial situation and risk preference. The market view function provided by FT wallet is only a search result for exchange rate information of digital tokens in some exchanges, and does not represent the latest or the best quotation.

* 2.When using FT wallet service, if you or your counterparty fail to comply with this Agreement and related website instructions, prompts and rules on the  transactions and payment pages, FT wallet does not guarantee the smooth completion of the transaction, and will not be liable for damages. If the above situation occurs and the money has been in your or your counterparty's FT wallet or third-party wallet, you understand the blockchain operation is "irreversible" and the transaction is "irrevocable", you and your counterparty shall bear the corresponding consequences.

* 3.When you use the FT wallet integrated third-party DApp service or conduct transactions, we suggest for your benefit that you carefully read this Agreement and FT wallet prompts, understand the transaction counterparty and product information, and carefully assess risks before taking any action. All transactions you conduct in a third party DApp are your personal acts, and the binding contractual relationship is established between you and the third party DApp or your counterparty, and has nothing to do with FT wallet. FT Wallet is not responsible for all risks, responsibilities, losses and expenses arising from your transactions.

* 4.In the course of the transaction, you should judge whether the counterparty is a person with full civil capacity and decide whether to conduct transactions with the other party or transfer funds to the other party, and you should bear all related risks.

* 5.During the transfer process, if there are similar abnormal information prompts such as "transaction failure" and "package timeout", you should reconfirm through with the official channel of the relevant blockchain system or other blockchain inquiry tools to avoid repeated transfer; Otherwise, your shall bear all losses and expenses arising therefrom.

* 6.You understand that when you create or import a wallet on the FT wallet, your private key, mnemonic words and other information will only be stored in the current mobile device, not on the FT wallet or our server. You can replace your mobile device by synchronizing wallets according to the operating instructions provided by FT wallet. However, if you do not save or back up your wallet password, private key, mnemonic words and other information, and if your mobile device is lost, your digital tokens will be lost, and we cannot retrieve it for you, and you will have to bear the corresponding losses. If you disclose your wallet password, private key, mnemonic words and other information when exporting, saving or backing up it, or if the device or server that saved or backed up the above information is attacked or controlled by hackers, your digital tokens will be lost. We cannot retrieve it for you, and you have to bear the corresponding losses.

* 7.We suggest that you make a safety backup of your wallet password, private key, mnemonic words and other information when creating or importing your wallet. We remind you not to use the following backup methods: screenshots, emails, notepads, SMS, WeChat, QQ and other electronic backup methods. We suggest that you copy the mnemonic words and other information on a paper notebook, and you can also keep the electronic data in s password manager.

* 8.We suggest that you use FT wallet in a secure network environment to ensure that your mobile device does not escape from prison or Root, so as to avoid possible security risks.

* 9.Please be alert to non-FT wallet official fraud when using our service. Once such behavior is discovered, we encourage you to inform us as soon as possible.

### VI. Service Change, Interruption and Termination
* 1.You agree that we can temporarily provide some service functions or suspend some service functions or open new service functions in the future in order to ensure the independent business operation right. When any function is reduced, increased or changed, your continuing use of our services indicates that you still agree to this Agreement or the amended terms.

* 2.In order to protect the safety of your digital token and avoid the misoperation or risks caused by using FT wallet without basic knowledge of blockchain, you must pass the competency assessment questionnaire and reach the qualified score required by us before using FT wallet service. Otherwise, we have the right to restrict or refuse to provide some or all of the service functions.

* 3.You understand that when the following situations exist, we will suspend service:
* (1) Business interruption due to technical reasons such as equipment, blockchain system maintenance, upgrade, failure and communication interruption;
* (2) The condition when our system cannot provide services or we reasonably believe that there will be greater risks in continuing to provide services due to force majeure factors such as typhoons, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, power outages, wars or terrorist attacks, viruses, trojans, hacker attacks, system instability or government actions;
* (3) Other circumstances beyond our control or reasonably foreseeable.

* 4.We may unilaterally suspend or terminate some or all of the functions of your FT wallet if you have the following circumstances:
* (1) User death;
* (2) Stealing other people's wallet information or mobile devices;
* (3) Providing false information when filling in personal information form, and answering the competency assessment questionnaire by others;
* (4) Rejecting the forced update operation initiated by us to improve FT wallet function;
* (5) Using FT wallet for illegal or criminal activities or conduct illegal or criminal activities through FT wallet;
* (6) Hindering the normal use of other users;
* (7) Pretending to be our staff or managers;
* (8) Attacking, invading, altering or otherwise threatening the normal operation of our computer system;
* (9) Using FT wallet to promote spam advertisements;
* (10) Spreading rumors and damaging the reputation of us and FT wallet;
* (11) Illegal acts, other acts violating this Agreement, and situations where we reasonably believe that the function should be suspended.

* 5.When the service relationship between you and us is changed, interrupted or terminated, you still have the right to export your wallet and other information within a reasonable time.

### VII. Your commitment on legally using our service 

* 1.You shall abide by the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and the laws and regulations of the country or region where you live. You shall not use FT wallet for any illegal purpose or use our services in any illegal way.

* 2.You shall not use FT wallet to commit illegal or criminal acts, including but not limited to:
* (1) Opposing the basic principles set forth in the constitution, endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power and undermining national unity;
* (2) Engaging in any illegal or criminal acts, including but not limited to money laundering and illegal fund-raising;
* (3) Accessing our services, collecting or processing the content we provide, and interfering or attempting to interfere with any user or any other access to our services through using any automated program, software, engine, web crawler, web page analysis tool, data mining tool or similar tools;
* (4) Providing gambling information or inducing others to participate in gambling in any way;
* (5) Invading others' FT wallets to steal digital tokens;
* (6) Conducting transactions inconsistent with the transaction contents declared by the counterparty, or making untrue transactions;
* (7) Engaging in any act that infringes or may infringe upon FT wallet service system and data;
* (8) Other illegal acts and acts that we have legitimate reasons to believe are inappropriate.

* 3.You understand and agree that if you violate relevant laws (including but not limited to anti-money laundering, customs and tax regulations) or this Agreement, causing us to suffer any loss, claim from any third party or punishment from any administrative department, you shall compensate us for all the losses suffered, including reasonable lawyer fees.

* 4.You promise to pay our service fee (if any) on time, otherwise we have the right to suspend the service to you.

### VIII. Privacy Policy 

We attach great importance to the protection of users' privacy. For relevant privacy protection policies, please refer to the FT Wallet Privacy Policy that we publish and update from time to time.

### IX. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability

* 1.We are only responsible for the obligations listed in this Agreement.

* 2.You understand and agree that within the scope permitted by law, we can only provide services according to the existing technical level and conditions. We are not responsible for the failure of FT wallet to provide services due to the following reasons:
* (1) FT wallet system shutdown for maintenance or upgrade;
* (2) Force majeure such as typhoon, earthquake, flood, lightning or terrorist attacks;
* (3) The failure of your mobile equipment hardware and software, communication lines and power supply lines;
* (4) Your improper use of our service or use without our authorization or approval;
* (5) Virus, Trojan horse virus, malicious program attack, network congestion, system instability, system or equipment failure, communication failure, power failure, bank and other reasons or government behavior, etc.;
* (6) Any other reason not caused by our reason.

* 3.We are not responsible for the following situations:
* (1) Loss of digital tokens due to loss of mobile devices, deletion and non-backup of FT wallets, theft or forgetting of wallet passwords, private keys, mnemonic words by users;
* (2) The loss of digital tokens caused by the user disclosing the wallet password, private key and mnemonic words, or borrowing, transferring or authorizing others to use his/her own mobile device or FT wallet, or not download FT wallet application through our official channels or using FT wallet application in other unsafe ways;
* (3) Loss of digital tokens due to user misoperation (including but not limited to the wrong transfer address and the transfer server you choose);
* (4) Loss of digital tokens due to misoperation caused by users not understanding the nature of blockchain technology;
* (5) Deviation of user transaction records we copy on the blockchain due to time lag, unstable blockchain system and other reasons;
* (6) Risks and consequences caused by users' operation on the third-party DApp.

* 4.You understand that FT wallet is only used as a tool for managing your digital tokens. We cannot control the quality, safety or legality of the products and services provided by the third party DApp, the authenticity or accuracy of the information, and the ability of the counterparty to fulfill obligations under the agreement signed with you. All transactions you conduct in a third party DApp are your personal acts, and the binding contractual relationship is established between you and the third party DApp or your counterparty and has nothing to do with FT wallet. We remind you that you should determine the authenticity, legality and validity of the DApp your login and related information through your careful judgment. You shall bear all the risks arising from any of your transaction or operation on any third party exchange.

* 5.We may provide services to you and your counterparty at the same time. You agree to explicitly exempt any actual or potential conflicts of interest from these behaviors that we may have and shall not use this to claim that there are legal defects in our service, nor to increase our responsibilities or obligations of due care.

* 6.We do not provide the following forms of guarantee:
* (1) Our service will meet all your needs;
* (2) Any technology, products, services and information you obtain through our services will meet your expectations;
* (3) We guarantee the timeliness, accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information such as the market prices of digital tokens captured from the third-party exchanges.
* (4) All parties to your FT wallet transaction will perform their obligations in the transaction agreement reached with you in a timely manner.

* 7.Under any circumstances, our total liability for breach of this Agreement shall not exceed 1) 100 FTokens; or 2) RMB 500 yuan, whichever is higher.

* 8.You understand that FT wallet is only used as a tool for users to manage digital tokens and display transaction information. We do not provide legal, tax or investment advice services. You should seek advice from legal, tax and investment professionals on your own, and we will not be responsible for the investment losses and data losses that you have suffered during the use of our services.

* 9.You understand that according to the requirements of policies and regulations in China or other jurisdictions, we may change our user access standards from time to time to limit the scope and methods of providing services to a specific group.

### X. Entire Agreement

* 1.This Agreement consists of FT Wallet Service Agreement, FT Wallet Privacy Policy and various rules (including the contents of "Help Center") that we publish from time to time.

* 2.If some contents of this Agreement are violation or invalid deemed by the court with jurisdiction, the validity of other contents remain unchanged.

* 3.Any translated version of this Agreement is provided for the convenience of users only, and there is no intention to modify the terms of this Agreement. In case of conflict between the Chinese version and the non-Chinese version of this Agreement, the Chinese version shall prevail.

XI. Protection of Intellectual Property Rights

FT Wallet is an application that we have developed and owned intellectual property rights. The intellectual property rights of any content displayed in FT wallet (including this Agreement, announcements, articles, videos, audio, pictures, files, information, materials, trademarks or logos) shall be owned by us or the third party obligee. Users can only use FT wallet application and its contents for the purpose of holding and managing digital tokens. No one is allowed to use, modify, reverse compile, copy, publicly distribute, change, disseminate, distribute or publicly publish the above applications and contents without the prior written consent of us or the third party obligee.

### XII. Application of Law and Dispute Resolution

* 1.The validity, interpretation, alteration, implementation and dispute resolution of this Agreement and its revised version shall be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. In the absence of relevant laws, international commercial practices and/or industrial practices shall apply.

* 2.If there is any dispute between you and us, it should be settled through friendly negotiation first. If negotiation fails, either party can submit it to the court with jurisdiction in our locality.

### XIII. Others

* 1.If you are a user outside the People's Republic of China, you need to fully understand and abide by all relevant laws, regulations and rules of your jurisdiction related to using our services.

* 2.If you encounter any problems in using our service, you can contact us by submitting feedback in FT wallet, etc.

* 3.You can view this Agreement in FT wallet. We encourage you to review our service agreement every time you visit the FT wallet.

* 4.This Agreement shall be effective as of July 1, 2019.

For matters not covered in this Agreement, you must abide by the announcements and relevant rules that we update from time to time.

FT Wallet Team
